Document the *.local files in the non-container cache/origin install instructions (#148)
osg-htc/docs: docs/data/stashcache/install-cache.md

1.  Run `systemctl daemon-reload` after modifying the file.

> Making custom additions to authorization files (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding to Authorization Files (Optional)
```

Shorter + title case (https://osg-htc.org/technology/documentation/style-guide/#headings)

---------------------------------------------------------

The `stash-authfile` services on the cache generate files that configure authorization for XRootD.

> You can put local additions to this configuration into separate files, according to this table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put local additions to this configuration into separate files, according to this table:
```

| **Purpose**                                                   | **Generated file**                     | **Local additions file**                            |
| :------------------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------- |
| VOMS/SSL/X.509 auth config for unauthenticated cache instance | `/run/stash-cache/Authfile`            | `/etc/xrootd/stash-cache-Authfile.local`            |
| VOMS/SSL/X.509 auth config for authenticated cache instance   | `/run/stash-cache-auth/Authfile`       | `/etc/xrootd/stash-cache-auth-Authfile.local`       |
| SciTokens config for authenticated cache instance             | `/run/stash-cache-auth/scitokens.conf` | `/etc/xrootd/stash-cache-auth-scitokens.conf.local` |

!!! note

>     These local additions files are only used in XCache 3.5.0 and newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use of these local additions files require XCache 3.5.0 and newer.
```
